# EDA-USING-PostgreSQL
This is an exhibition of my skills using PostgreSQL to explore and interact with a relational Database. The Data used in this project was provided by Quantum Analytics NG. It contains the Database of a company that is into renting of DVDs.
## Introduction

It's mandatory for every company or business entity to know how their revenue is being managed, Which customers patronize them more, How much is their Total  generated Revenue, How many district/region are there customers from and the actual customer that made the highest payment transactions.
In the notebook, i'm going to analyze the company (dvd rental) transactions, Regions and their Customers. The Dataset contains information about their customers, payments, countries.

## Clauses And Concepts Apllied Include:
- SELECT
- SUM
- LIMIT
- GROUP BY
- ORDER BY
- HAVING
- DISTINCT COUNT
- JOIN

## Problem Statement

### We are going to find answers to questions like;
1. How many transactions were made?
2. What is the total revenue generated by the company?
3.  The Top 10 Customers that made the highest number of transactions?
4.  Top 10 best patronizing customers that made maximum payments?
5.  customers that made payments above $110 with the staff member who has an ID of 2?
6.  What are the names of all the districts the customers come from?
7.  Then the total numbers of customers that comes from each districts?
### **_Thank You_**

### Now,grab some popcorn and let's [EXPLORE](documentationpostgres.sql) 😄
